Do you think
Uncle Qin was plotted by me
Otherwise, why did you have to wait until my second uncle was unconscious before appearing?
Because when my second uncle was unconscious, no one could prove your identity
You can fish in muddy waters
So that's how you see me, otherwise?
Big brother, smoking is not poisonous.
Are you sure?
Now that you've checked it out
I will no longer hide
This is not the place to talk
Are we gray?
Well, what's the matter with that cook?
It's not impossible to tell you
But you have to answer me a question first
You say
Did you ever like me?
My mother was right.
Who said what man's mouth was a liar before his death?
Ah.
What do you mean?
This is too narcissistic
I had to like him.